imp (docs): add remark about restarting a node after changes to mempool config (#1177)
evmos/evmos: docs/validators/setup/mempool.md

To use the a prioritized mempool, adjust `version = "v1"` in the node configuration at `~/.evmosd/config/config.toml`.
The default value `"v0"` indicates the traditional FIFO mempool.

> Remember to **restart** a running node for the changes to take effect.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

::: tip
Remember to **restart** the node for the changes to take effect.
:::
```
